Update DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md instructions for JDK-11 (#16533)
opensearch-project/OpenSearch: DEVELOPER_GUIDE.md

### Install Prerequisites

#### JDK

> OpenSearch builds using Java 11 at a minimum, using the [Temurin/Adoptium](https://adoptium.net/temurin/releases/) distribution. This means you must have a JDK 11 installed with the environment variable `JAVA_HOME` referencing the path to Java home for your JDK 11 installation, e.g. `JAVA_HOME=/usr/lib/jvm/jdk-11`. This is configured in [buildSrc/build.gradle](buildSrc/build.gradle) and [distribution/tools/java-version-checker/build.gradle](distribution/tools/java-version-checker/build.gradle). 

Reviewer: What do you think about the following?

```suggestion
OpenSearch recommends building with the [Temurin/Adoptium](https://adoptium.net/temurin/releases/) distribution. JDK 11 is the minimum supported, and JDK-23 is the newest supported. You must have a supported JDK installed with the environment variable `JAVA_HOME` referencing the path to Java home for your JDK installation, e.g. `JAVA_HOME=/usr/lib/jvm/jdk-21`. 
```

Author: Like it, thanks @andrross !

targetCompatibility = JavaVersion.VERSION_11
```

Download Java 11 from [here](https://adoptium.net/releases.html?variant=openjdk11).
Download Java 11 from [here](https://adoptium.net/releases.html?variant=openjdk11). 

#### JDK 14
Since 8.10 release, Gradle has deprecated the usage of the JDKs below JDK-16. As such, for development purposes we recommend to install additionally at least [JDK 17](https://adoptium.net/temurin/releases/?version=17) or [JDK 21](https://adoptium.net/temurin/releases/?version=21). If you still want to stick to JDK-11 only, please add `-Dorg.gradle.warning.mode=none` when invoking any Gradle build task from command line, for example:

To run the full suite of tests, download and install [JDK 14](https://jdk.java.net/archive/) and set `JAVA11_HOME`, and `JAVA14_HOME`. They are required by the [backwards compatibility test](./TESTING.md#testing-backwards-compatibility).
```
./gradlew check -Dorg.gradle.warning.mode=none
```

> #### JDK 17

Reviewer 2: Should we add JDK17 back as @andrross called out we need 17 for bwc?

Author: On the second thought, I think JDK-17 should probably stay there, thanks @owaiskazi19 !

Reviewer: I'm wondering if we could simplify the three "JDK" headings down to just this:

> \#### JDK
> 
> OpenSearch requires a minimum of JDK-11 in order to build. However, it is recommended to use a more recent LTS version of the JDK and set it to the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable. In addition, certain backward compatibility tests check out and compile the previous major version of OpenSearch, and therefore require installing JDK-11 and JDK-17 and setting the `JAVA11_HOME` and `JAVA17_HOME` environment variables.
> 
> By default, the test tasks use bundled JDK at runtime, which is configured in version catalog [gradle/libs.versions.toml](gradle/libs.versions.toml).

The existing text has a lot of detail that I think is maybe not necessary?

Author: > I'm wondering if we could simplify the three "JDK" headings down to just this:
> 
> > #### JDK
> > OpenSearch requires a minimum of JDK-11 in order to build. However, it is recommended to use a more recent LTS version of the JDK and set it to the `JAVA_HOME` environment variable. In addition, certain backward compatibility tests check out and compile the previous major version of OpenSearch, and therefore require installing JDK-11 and JDK-17 and setting the `JAVA11_HOME` and `JAVA17_HOME` environment variables.
> > By default, the test tasks use bundled JDK at runtime, which is configured in version catalog [gradle/libs.versions.toml](gradle/libs.versions.toml).
> 
> The existing text has a lot of detail that I think is maybe not necessary?

There are a few things here that do not play well (hence this pull request):
 - due to Gradle, to build with any JDK below 16, one needs to add `-Dorg.gradle.warning.mode=none`
 - due to Gradle, build with any JDK above 23 will fail  (like 24-ea for example)

So I think we should be very explicit what we support or not, so I could introduce the build matrix instead. Also, the large chunk of this work will be throwaway very soon (after https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/pull/16366). 

If you don't mind, I would prefer to keep this guide exact (with respect to JDK versions) and get back to it once we level up to JDK-21.

Reviewer: Sure, that's fair, but what I don't like about the text in this PR is towards the beginning of this section it says:

> This means you must have a JDK 11 installed with the environment variable `JAVA_HOME` referencing the path to Java home for your JDK 11 installation, e.g. `JAVA_HOME=/usr/lib/jvm/jdk-11`.

Only if you keep reading does it recommend to use Java 17 or 21. And nowhere does it mention the JAVA11_HOME and JAVA17_HOME environment variables which are required for bwc tests. I also don't love the snippets of gradle configuration which is destined to be out of date when things change anyway.

Author: Valid points, reworked these sections, thanks @andrross !

targetCompatibility = JavaVersion.VERSION_11
```

Download Java 11 from [here](https://adoptium.net/releases.html?variant=openjdk11). 

Since Gradle has deprecated the usage of the JDKs below JDK-16, we recommend to use [JDK 17](#jdk-17) for development. If you still want to stick to JDK-11, please add `-Dorg.gradle.warning.mode=none` when invoking any Gradle build task from command line, for example:

```
./gradlew check -Dorg.gradle.warning.mode=none
```

> #### JDK 14

Reviewer: Is this section still accurate? I haven't had a JDK-14 installed in a long long time and I don't think we should encourage folks to go out and download a version that has been EOL for so long.

Author: Dropped it altogether, thanks @andrross !
